Debugging questions
- How will you debug the scenario where after entering user name & password,
 home page is not displayed & error message is not displayed
 Answers:
 1.) I'll try once after clearing cookies.
 2.) I'll check the network tab, if the request is being sent. if it is sent what is received as response.
 
 Discovery:
 Login is not working after entering username and password.
 
 Preliminary Question's:
 From where the issue is identified. UI, mobile?
 Is this issue happening for a specific user or many user?
 if many users- is this across all region or from specific region?
 if the user is a new user?
 if he is the existing user, when it was worked before?
 version of application if it is mobile app?
 check if there is any recent update or deployment to production?
 If it is mobile or UI specific issue? if it is working in UI and not in mobile, identify the problem.
 what version of mobile OS is available if it is from mobile.
 Browser version of web and kind of web browser used.
 Mobile app- Issue occurred because of more background apps when trying to login.
  
Possible reasons:
Web:
Version of browser
New/Existing user
Prime/Non-Prime user
Region specific
Last worked date time
invalid input
Peak time login

Mobile:
Version of apps
Mobile OS
Background apps
New/Existing user
Prime/Non-Prime user
Region specific
Last worked date time
invalid input
Peak time login
 
- You are part of MakeMyTrip QA, Indigo flights interested to collaborate with MMT to get booking via MMT. 
From the Indigo side, they have their codebase ready to integrate with MMT.Indigo only has a Production 
environment,MMT has a local, stage, pre-production, and production environment. As a QA what is your 
approach and Design you will do to test the functionality?Testing approach on each environment.

Answer- 1.) I'll understand the requirement from them. How the functionalities, how their requests are 
consumed by their code, how the request and response are stored in the database
in the production environment by connecting with their Devs, QAs and Product team. Ask questions related to the 
requirement, functionalities. Try to mock the response if I am going to send the request from MMT and check 
if the response is expected and deploy it as a service to cloud and test in higher environments
Before that risk of using mock has to be called out as the limitation of proper testing with the actual code
has to be called out from QA perspective.

Brain teaser
- 9 metallic balls in front, all made of same metal and all are same size and same colour, one of the 
balls is defective. Defective ball can weigh lesser or more than other balls given a weighing balance 
find the defective ball. What is the min number of attempts for finding defective what is max number of 
attempts for finding defective ball

1.) Finding Minimum attempt
3 groups - weigh 2 groups - check if it balanced, if it is balanced(chance 1)- one should be in third group
weigh third group each balls one on left and one on right- if balances- third one from third group is defective
so minimum 2 chances

3 attempts
2.) Finding Maximum attempt
3 groups - weigh 2 groups- if it is not balanced, remove one group until it balances to find the not 
balancing one - so worst case in 2 attempt find the group which is defective
in another 2 attempt find the defective from the defective group.
so 4 attempts.

8 attempts- weighing one by one 

	

 
